as Sebastian okay Bri who's imagine our
producer okay we've been brainstorming
alternatives and we have endless
interesting ideas is there a restriction
for us to stay in film in North America
for the six weeks or can we potentially
explore more ideas in other places
within the same budget go wherever the
budget will tell you especially sunny
places and we answered oh baby all right
let's backtrack a bit see for the past
nine months the four of us have been
sharing any apartments and couches to
afford making videos after while our
video started to get noticed by news
from all over the world and recently our
videos landed in the hands and people
working with snapchat and here we are at
this specific moment our hobby which
became our passion is finally becoming
our life and our plans to leave Montreal
turn out to be more complicated than we
thought
cement is French American and I'm
Swedish but born and raised in the
Harris we can travel to these countries
without visas Darrin the guy with the
camera is Turkish which takes away all
of these countries and a Mars from Egypt
which combined with Darren's passport
leaves us with these countries the
Caribbean happens to be one of the few
places that didn't mind the combinations
of our passports so we took the first
ticket out of the country left the
freezing-cold of Canada and we're on our
way to our first destination Havana Cuba
we had no idea what we were doing but we
had booked a 30 day trip all across the
Caribbean with the goal of doing 30
things we have never done before in 30
days and we were more excited than ever
and as usual I was
why is there always something though
we're gonna have to sprint the gate Matt
was right we missed our connection but
we were lucky enough to find space on
the last flight for Havana and arriving
in Cuba was mind-boggling this is one
yeah
or this is all yeah gene help this is
great yeah Carol month ago oh yeah it
was ready for us to explore and we were
ready to get lost we have a case full of
hard drives packed with stories and we
can't wait to share a drink see you on
Monday